packages/api/amplify_api/README.md, before:

# amplify_api

The Amplify Flutter API category plugin.

## Getting Started

### Visit our [Web Site](https://docs.amplify.aws/) to learn more about AWS Amplify.

## Changes for version 0.3.0 and above

When creating subscriptions, now, a [`Stream`](https://api.dart.dev/stable/dart-async/Stream-class.html) object will be returned to you. This `Stream` will continue producing events until either the subscription encounters an error, or you cancel the subscription. In the case of [`await for`](https://dart.dev/tutorials/language/streams), this cancellation occurs when breaking out of the loop.

```dart
Future<void> subscribe() async {
  final graphQLDocument = '''subscription MySubscription {
    onCreateBlog {
      id
      name
      createdAt
    }
  }''';
  final Stream<GraphQLResponse<String>> operation = Amplify.API.subscribe(
    GraphQLRequest<String>(document: graphQLDocument),
    onEstablished: () => print('Subscription established'),
  );

  try {
    // Retrieve 5 events from the subscription
    var i = 0;
    await for (var event in operation) {
      i++;
      print('Subscription event data received: ${event.data}');
      if (i == 5) {
        break;
      }
    }
  } on Exception catch (e) {
    print('Error in subscription stream: $e');
  }
}
```

Alternatively, you can call [`Stream.listen`](https://api.dart.dev/stable/dart-async/Stream/listen.html) to create a [`StreamSubscription`](https://api.dart.dev/stable/dart-async/StreamSubscription-class.html) object which can be programmatically canceled.

```dart
Future<void> subscribe() async {
  final graphQLDocument = '''subscription MySubscription {
    onCreateBlog {
      id
      name
      createdAt
    }
  }''';
  final Stream<GraphQLResponse<String>> operation = Amplify.API.subscribe(
    GraphQLRequest<String>(document: graphQLDocument),
    onEstablished: () => print('Subscription established'),
  );
  final StreamSubscription<GraphQLResponse<String>> subscription =
      operation.listen(
    (event) {
      print('Subscription event data received: ${event.data}');
    },
    onError: (Object e) => print('Error in subscription stream: $e'),
  );

  // ...

  // Cancel the subscription and close the underlying stream.
  subscription.cancel();
}
```

Commit message:

chore: adds developer preview language to READMEs

packages/api/amplify_api/README.md, after:

# amplify_api

The Amplify Flutter API category plugin.

## Developer Preview

This package is part of the the developer preview for the Amplify Auth category on mobile, web and desktop. It is not intended for production usage. 

## Getting Started

### Visit our [Web Site](https://docs.amplify.aws/) to learn more about AWS Amplify.

## Changes for version 0.3.0 and above

When creating subscriptions, now, a [`Stream`](https://api.dart.dev/stable/dart-async/Stream-class.html) object will be returned to you. This `Stream` will continue producing events until either the subscription encounters an error, or you cancel the subscription. In the case of [`await for`](https://dart.dev/tutorials/language/streams), this cancellation occurs when breaking out of the loop.

```dart
Future<void> subscribe() async {
  final graphQLDocument = '''subscription MySubscription {
    onCreateBlog {
      id
      name
      createdAt
    }
  }''';
  final Stream<GraphQLResponse<String>> operation = Amplify.API.subscribe(
    GraphQLRequest<String>(document: graphQLDocument),
    onEstablished: () => print('Subscription established'),
  );

  try {
    // Retrieve 5 events from the subscription
    var i = 0;
    await for (var event in operation) {
      i++;
      print('Subscription event data received: ${event.data}');
      if (i == 5) {
        break;
      }
    }
  } on Exception catch (e) {
    print('Error in subscription stream: $e');
  }
}
```

Alternatively, you can call [`Stream.listen`](https://api.dart.dev/stable/dart-async/Stream/listen.html) to create a [`StreamSubscription`](https://api.dart.dev/stable/dart-async/StreamSubscription-class.html) object which can be programmatically canceled.

```dart
Future<void> subscribe() async {
  final graphQLDocument = '''subscription MySubscription {
    onCreateBlog {
      id
      name
      createdAt
    }
  }''';
  final Stream<GraphQLResponse<String>> operation = Amplify.API.subscribe(
    GraphQLRequest<String>(document: graphQLDocument),
    onEstablished: () => print('Subscription established'),
  );
  final StreamSubscription<GraphQLResponse<String>> subscription =
      operation.listen(
    (event) {
      print('Subscription event data received: ${event.data}');
    },
    onError: (Object e) => print('Error in subscription stream: $e'),
  );

  // ...

  // Cancel the subscription and close the underlying stream.
  subscription.cancel();
}
```
